## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-h+WRl4BTTVy31uw0ZuOybtJsEIlOq2Q4LSWUjK8gKrhdXEqYHP7Qu+MmBIZIqZtO /es/languages/apache.js
sha384-xuOg8cLlaKYVwu8KcJCX2nbs9mrVa7Ngz0c9NQiwViwl408M5TX3w1FC22RHhUuS /es/languages/apache.min.js
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-yIW2CKaxiozMCGVe7a2RX90kdUjP0h2gALuNlfKbojKpQn1OmMQLGO7BOqhncFO6 /es/languages/http.js
sha384-j+2AgmE+4SlZjmviwPvbGypcb9BQNHQj043l9Bb3F2fnlusdNxxA5/INHsOrSE6g /es/languages/http.min.js
sha384-0StLGSBIhoerTxrjwG/Lx1LYO/qmSp2TzCqgzCmnBDrVmkkeaFW9vHKuLHK5Ue7H /es/languages/ini.js
sha384-Qk1583V3PAnmXJ00e8ufkLJOuIZIrqrg5sTGoghEOwikzdWrdpiJv8lQqrURXjBG /es/languages/ini.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-OJrXTVCemUa68axskWVxZHXuDfyPWWFK0X2cJsPaMBt6jGY1HxnBZJVPEHTqou4H /es/languages/lua.js
sha384-cjlU8DPjZ3XY/dLzIx+CaoB2jzKXf43s2KSU2rZQGmxwR1d7k9p+SFt1IsNkFnnV /es/languages/lua.min.js
sha384-WuxmFqZ8YXr3xyK1Salq5t1q46F/VyzVGx48M2ZJPhbodzQ9L8kfnP/0seU78NsC /es/languages/nginx.js
sha384-XOua+gbAwDawIeMkI2pkXOZH9Xxl9/XLoGuPJD5Bs3WS4bMn207o20s+aQtpsqqE /es/languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-BxojDi6ePBYN3unEc6aUEpUtUyx0Eq0i/UZPISuI2YQy6eAD5HzD0dtBC53uZ6R1 /es/languages/php.js
sha384-C28kAnknmyKQUME+2sa0tyQkFMN1S/aUSB1gQ+PKUf0+ewgxNh8CwAmd+C0UUaZ7 /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-dkR9Qv3ZGmcTGGFP26gmcHC9DBgRYE0XLGxF3mBXlBZaBrscW0vIiVN7oTyQmrbe /es/languages/plaintext.js
sha384-AkqanemYxn6S3BQnW2++1+xqywaq2bJfFlfiAkPNd7Yv5t9YsS8tFzVVopyOa747 /es/languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-VYwyP5ddOUunx1AGpbtE38OKY2PbjW9kk6X6622tvqprRJk6W8/tgMvI7MqaOZZw /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-gRgqaIgHrAR1qlo866rkV1AUahqopv0dnpFFLAC4X3jYTDagRCTxQBTMFGV1+x1U /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-Tdx2DY9ZTHx3KhVXYqOVKx3q1zOboDGlTTv8sgMlER8y4WETtqL+C4VQ7B4A0OGq /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-n9ZezaAVj8pK1BIFZQxmC1BM9yGuBNRgvsOxHMHPCXzqYd1gSYIu9KjgGEm8K57w /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-CmG/xb1duBmVNCw0Yr7ww0kOxeBU5qY03kVsiLfTX1HDDVs4NiWAL+mx88jxBtao /languages/apache.js
sha384-iUQ9BcUA+p4w9sZAfo8E9iui0Ay0KwBSTIkTLZB8yc3+ExNWmxWMYMLxB1Q1NOZt /languages/apache.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-5njNAV6cayF+v1sc70/t3BTkztvcp8TZ61d65U8YUQuXJ45PIrhcgNfccRMd9JsI /languages/http.js
sha384-ubRntct0s40ZDtDRLkxA3/xYX51o5yC2U8SKlky8dhIRsjSnvZiUKLhz0gNTewno /languages/http.min.js
sha384-l2Aa/1StxIePW3t8ALFDwO/VZShzdfn5Y+0qIFkvO4WXem4DA5+6fgKQW+w/xKEk /languages/ini.js
sha384-0/1VV9gfjl+ZuUf+R7fvp6dQlJ5JVh+WzEqjzOwd+PCh8fa104Vm13MBaJjTz+cG /languages/ini.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-N16TmpAW2Qx3T6s3/C0f0jweUUSh69YsJ1+AnOsAePpjmmydXF/mjeY0MZEF/cPn /languages/lua.js
sha384-WES4Ky9nlehN2gBM6oY3/98hVtWF5PZnBO+7jK8ZVKFo+QR32zhfuRK+Mv9jQsOK /languages/lua.min.js
sha384-GqxuhQ5X9X3c8nNswtucj7gX9fAuYCtI73NbFLXAYNqX39+zocekxv7SOK6oVGhi /languages/nginx.js
sha384-TG8jUbt29ktiHxVaCkA6FLnJkL/PYG3zQwEYexdbr+Z6mMkFf+c0ONpHyuIY4vvG /languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-swGDgtGOmzrsbFAaQRjzvGs0hhe0N86mfHIuisr3W9AT0hiheGyRORSGrbMDGOw5 /languages/php.js
sha384-Xd0AQIkWCEjBL8BNMtDMGVqFXkf445J6PNUJdXbh334ckjeSa90wtSUjXySuz+rt /languages/php.min.js
sha384-v4qiQbdZu8obdLOFoHrZxA44mmxnjZUelyHe7A6RuqmckxO5weYQVrN8Dx2UpAR1 /languages/plaintext.js
sha384-hE+znpd5xggEBW6IccZoCI0mgFHAfLVuqT/7aW8RakaQ4UJnI058SfIX3lhdGxtE /languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-KYOeDvyFo8fJObDV1L1aoPnfs6XG68LL6j3INM7McXyRYtBZF7DdUsNjK25dtxKo /languages/shell.js
sha384-olAuUjfRvTi/iEH4RXRpaq/G1iJGizn7OefkyJLQYuqNhh1xAV5dnUrkH/LlPd9j /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-QAL2h4IMgQaJUJjUy0dSWdAut7o/A272ai8qOsJ8SSm9KMxkdLgH7oGfLGft/EJ0 /languages/xml.js
sha384-CN3No+n1UZXCFYyl+ge5yAPGTNGuH23BdIsFJxntDmEYL94AmoZlNBHGSdjVSjKG /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-3qL6yKS3eiHb5fTAWBEMAdbwkrpeCaoCXCqFm3Glq8JLSGExIlAOiU2l09kVvRDk /highlight.js
sha384-WOpZVG5PmWEbnrD0tSSIy/t0KLbAfQLDx2quXcVNZfi+9JaYjZuKp9Mwm2gUnQbO /highlight.min.js
```

